It can be regarded as proof of contact with you
Miss you
You must be happy
Last night I was drunk last night
You asked Sister Hua to pick me up
ever
Let's go next
Goodbye!
Oh don't leave me
It's really different
Sister Hua, you and Xiaoyu have no fate
I don't force it either
But
Xiaoyu told me
I used to remember that I left you because of money
He's coming back now to find you again
Is the motive impure?
Ah no
Su Guoguo is all a misunderstanding
Something happened at his house seven years ago
He is afraid of dragging me down
So he found a reason to divorce me
About his family
It's solved
It's all solved
He has been saving money for the past 7 years
Paid off the family debt
Uncle Su
You came to me today to talk about this.
Haha, I was against all odds at the time.
We firmly support your project
That's what made you what you are today
These years
I have always regarded you as my own son
I naturally have something to care about
Since you are like this
I'm relieved.
that year
I forced Jiang Wenyi's father to carry water for me
Jade
Does he really know nothing?